# Agenda 
**Start Date/Time:** *28-03-2023 16:45*\
**End Time:** *17:30*\
**Location:** *Drebbelweg PC-Hall 1*\
**Participants:** *George, Gido, Leon, Marco, Senne, Viktor*\
**Teaching Assistant:** *Mike erkemeij*

---

### 0. Opening of Meeting

### 1. Personal Round
- How is everyone doing?

### 2. Approval of the Agenda
- Is there anything anyone would like to the Agenda?

### 3. Previous Work
- Are there questions about any previous work, your own or others
- Do you need help?
- Anything to clarify?

### 4. Teamwork Self-Reflection
- Read the Assignment [here](https://se.ewi.tudelft.nl/oopp/assignments/teamwork/#assignment)
- Deadline for Draft on **31-03-2023**
- Which 3 situation do we choose?
- Do we do it all together or everyone for themselves and then bring it together? (Question for TA)
- Create the ACM formatting template

### 5. Product Pitch
- Read the Assigment [here](https://se.ewi.tudelft.nl/oopp/assignments/product-pitch/)
- Deadline for Draft on **31-03-2023**
- Who want to edit?
- Divide tasks:
    - (Introduction)
    - User Perspective
    - Feature / Interaction Flow
    - Review Product Grading Schema
    - Non-visible Features (e.g. backend)
    - How to extend the Application next
    - (Wrap up)

### 6. Technology Rubric
- Who wants to do it?
- Devide the subpoints, maybe?

### 7. Progress on Product
- Resolve merge conflicts
- Which basic features do we already have and which do we still need?
    - Drag and Drop
- Which Advanced Feature do we want introduced?
    - Multi Board
    - Card Subtasks/Description/Tags/...
    - UI overhaul (stylesheets)
    - ...

### 8. Additions to the Agenda

### 9. Closing of the Meeting
