Dates:
- 30-03: Meeting in the library
- 31-03: Product pitch
- 04-03: Product should be finished after merging everything after the meeting

16:46 Start meeting
16:47 Talked about the Teamwork Self-Reflection

16:48 Divided tasks for the pitch:
	- George: Introduction, User Perspective
	- Marco: Features UI / Interaction Flow
	- Gido and Leon: Review Product Grading Schema
	- Senne: Non-visible Features (polling)
	- Viktor: How to extend the Application next, Wrap up

	- Gido: Combine the clips

16:58 We will link the technology rubric to our code on Thursday (30-03)

17:00 Issues that still need to be done: drag and drop, editing cards. Issues for next week:
	- Marco: Drag and drop
	- Leon: Editing cards, Show boards
	- Senne: Everything related to websockets stuff
	- George: Make the UI look nicely
	- Gido: Fix that the correct cards inside lists are shown, Create/rename/delete boards
	- Viktor: Add all the extra details to cards

17:17 Showed prototype to Mike
17:18 Closed meeting

Leon is chair next week
