Minutes Week 5


16:45 - Meeting begins
16:50 - Review of agenda
Discussion concerning the HUE.
Meeting times for 22-03-2023/23-03-2023
Wednesday (13:45?)
Thursday (12:30)
16:52 - showed Mike our project’s first draft
16:55 - Front-end Testing
Marco/Gido/George
17:00 - UI unification:
George/(?)
17:05 - Issue redistribution:
Someone needs to take some of Georges Issues
17:10 - Last Basic Requirements: Drag-and-Drop
/Edit Lists
/Remove Cards
/Swapping cards
17:25 - Last checkstyle changes
17:25 - Viktor is next week’s chairman (Gido is minute taker)
17:30 - Meeting closes



Leon: Hook up the Board controller to add a List
Take an issue from George(?)
Implement the ability to swap Cards in a List
Viktor: make an add-card popup
Marco: Board Overview unit testing/ make an Add-Board popup + tests
Gido: help George(?)
George: adding Lists/Cards to the Board
Senne: Auto Refresh functionality for the Overview and Update
Implement the deleting Cards and Lists

For the meeting tomorrow: prepare the prototype
