# Agenda 
**Start Date/Time:** *04-04-2023 15:15*\
**End Time:** *15:40*\
**Location:** *Drebbelweg PC-Hall 1*\
**Participants:** *George, Gido, Leon, Marco, Senne, Viktor*\
**Teaching Assistant:** *Mike Erkemeij*

---

### 0. Opening of Meeting

### 1. Check-in
- How is everyone doing?

### 2. Approval of the Agenda
- Is there anything anyone would like to add to the Agenda?

### 3. Approval of minutes
- Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting?

### 4. Announcements
- Deadlines for this Friday:
  - Product Pitch
  - Heuristic Usability Evaluation
  - Final Code Submission (team repositories will turn read-only)
- We don't have much time for this meeting.

### 5. Technology Rubric
- Read the rubric, you can find this on MatterMost: https://mattermost.tudelft.nl
- Read the feedback when it's posted: https://brightspace.tudelft.nl/d2l/lms/dropbox/user/folder_submit_files.d2l?db=115160&grpid=571155&isprv=0&bp=0&ou=499389
- What can we improve?

### 6. Heuristic Evaluation
- Read the feedback: https://brightspace.tudelft.nl/d2l/lms/dropbox/user/folder_user_view_feedback.d2l?db=115159&grpid=571155&isprv=0&bp=0&ou=499389
- What are the main points we want to improve on? (Results, Prototype)
- Dividing the work

### 7. Technology Rubric
- If it's there, read the feedback we got, you can find it on BrightSpace: https://brightspace.tudelft.nl/d2l/lms/dropbox/user/folders_list.d2l?ou=499389&isprv=0
- What can we improve on?

### 8. Final Code Submission/ Current State of the app
- What is the state of the app currently?
- Do we have everything for the basic requirements?
- How do we want to include feedback from Heuristic evaluation into the app?
- What advanced features can we finish?
- Submission on Brightspace?
- Dividing the work

### 9. Product Pitch 
- Read the feedback when it's there (currently there is no assignment on Brightspace).
- What do we want to improve on?
- Dividing the work.

### 10. Additions to the Agenda

### 11. Summary and next meeting
- Do we, and if so, when do we want to have a next meeting? 

### 12. Closing of the Meeting
